thank you guys thank you you know what
no one ever like Darren no one why
didn't we ever think that was gonna
change I have something to say this is
unbelievable
a 32 that's for real a 3 in front of a
to God I have something to say 99 will
be high where the people on the test
group I did we drug test them well
they're just sitting in the studio
smoking crack saying let's give her a 99
and have a 32 by the way I'm hired
you're a jerk
what did you say that you're a jerk
everything is about you you are selfish
and you're self-centered and you you
liked me you said you needed me you
don't need anyone since sweetie
why don't you go to your trailer and
take a midol hey you be quiet or I'll
give you a tail just calm down you sit
down sit down
wow this show is supposed to be about a
marriage a real marriage with real
problems like like like what color to
paint the kitchen or I don't know why
the problems I can't even think of them
right now but the only problems you care
about of your own
no wonder the audience doesn't like this
show which marries the mortal who
wouldn't their right mind will want to
marry you
hey that's it you're fired doesn't
matter I I quit yeah so you better call
my agent you don't have an agent
then call my cable man
sorry so yeah all right no one's talked
to me like that in 20 years once a week
a woman talks to me like that
she just stripped me bare and stuck the
knife in let's go to the peninsula get
some oysters you know what I think
hey the woman needs apart I'm sorry I
mean if you got Sammy so so you don't
bench him have you got Gorbachev in the
ballet
you let him dance the big number I don't
think Gorbachev was a dance yes he was
Ritchie he absolutely was look it up
[Music]